Edits, distribution, and requirements (#7)
Jjagg/MonoGame: Documentation/what_is_monogame.md

> MonoGame is an Open Source implementation of the discontinued [Microsoft XNA 4 Framework]([Microsoft XNA - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_XNA). Its goal is carry over the philosophy of XNA while expanding the framework to new platforms and evolutions. Our goal is to allow people to make great games using a simple API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MonoGame is an Open Source implementation of the discontinued [Microsoft XNA 4 Framework]([Microsoft XNA - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_XNA). Its goal is to carry over the philosophy of XNA while expanding the framework to new platforms and evolutions. We want to help people make great games using a simple API.
```

The currently supported platforms are as follows.

* Desktop PCs
  * Windows 10 Store Apps (UWP)
  * Windows (OpenGL or DirectX)
  * Linux (OpenGL)

>   * Mac OS X (OpenGL)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * macOS (OpenGL)
```

* Mobile/Tablet Devices
  * Android (OpenGL)
  * iOS (OpenGL)
  * Windows Phone 10 (UWP)

Vulkan, DirectX 12, and Metal targets are planned but currently unavailable.

MonoGame also supports a number of game consoles. The templates and source code for these platforms are not publicly availalbe. However they are available to developers registered with the appropriate developer programs.  

* Consoles (for registered developers)
  * PlayStation 4 (Sony)
  * PlayStation Vita (Sony)
  * Xbox One (both UWP and XDK) (ID@xbox)
  * Nintendo Switch (Nintendo)
  * Stadia (Google)

> To access the MonoGame version of these consoles, please contact your console account manager(s) directly (the MonoGame team can't give you an access without contacting them first).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the MonoGame version of these consoles, please contact your console account manager(s) directly (the MonoGame team can't give you access without contacting them first).
```
